********************************************************************************
BIG FAT WARNING: THIS CAMPAIGN HAS NOT BEEN OFFICIALLY RELEASED. NO FORUM THREAD
   EXISTS YET. DO NOT USE THE PUBLIC FORUM TO ASK FOR HELP. PM THE MAINTAINER
DIRECTLY, OR CONTACT HIM VIA IRC AS DESCRIBED BELOW. MOST BUGS ARE ALREADY KNOWN
  AND IT MAKES NO SENSE TO REPORT THEM. YOUR REPORTS MAY BE RUTHLESSLY IGNORED.
                              YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
********************************************************************************

Reporting new bugs on officially released versions:
---------------------------------------------------

Sometimes, you may come across an already reported bug, a bug that was already
fixed in a newer release of the campaign, or something that looks like a bug to
you but actually is not, or at least not on the eyes of the author and
maintainers. To make sure you are not falling into any of the latter cases,
please always download the latest version of this campaign, check if it is
already mentioned in the ChangeLog or BUGS files, and try to reproduce the bug.

It is good practice, often ignored, to try to reproduce the bug in other
campaigns, preferably mainline, or with an isolated case of WML code (if you
know what it is). This can help us optimize the bug fixing procedure by
discriminating bugs that are specific to this campaign or that are actually
caused by the game engine. The test scenario (/data/scenario-test.cfg) is also a
good place for quick testing of bugs which are not related to the campaign
mechanism (i.e. it doesn't depend on advancing scenarios, etc.). Debug-mode
commands are a great help in any case (:debug).

If you happen to find a new bug that is specific to this campaign, please report
it as soon as possible at www.wesnoth.org/forum/, Scenario & Campaign dev.
subforum, thread "After the Storm", with as much information as
possible to help us find the cause and fix the bug.

In the case that the bug could be reproduced in other campaigns/with isolated
and proper WML, you should report it with relevant information at
http://www.wesnoth.org/forum/, Technical Support subforum; you might as well
submit the issue to bugs.wesnoth.org, but ONLY if you are certain that it is a
real bug in the game engine itself; you should always contact the campaign
author for checking it first, before posting in the Technical Support forum.


Reporting new bugs on SVN non-release revisions:
------------------------------------------------

********************************************************************************
SKIP THIS SECTION IF YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT SVN MEANS AND/OR WHAT IT HAS TO DO IN
                                   THIS CONTEXT
********************************************************************************

Aha, you spotted a bug in a svn revision of the campaign! Good boy/girl, you
always walking on the bleeding edge. There are several specific cave-ats to this
situation:

* Those who develop this campaign actively should never commit broken stuff to
  svn in the first place, but if they inadvertely do, odds are that they'll
  shortly notice and commit a new fixed revision.

* The delay could be of a few hours, or a couple of days at most. If you notice
  that the bug is not fixed after that time, you should notify Shadow Master by
  one of the following media:

  * By IRC: #wesnoth-umc-dev @ freenode.net
  * Via forum personal-messaging: "Shadow Master" at www.wesnoth.org/forum/

* You could also post it in the relevant forum thread; the only problem with
  doing so is that you could confuse causal players by spewing svn technicisms
  in there. :-) So avoid posting it in the forums for everyone's knowledge (and
  despair) if possible.


Contacting the Author:
----------------------

Please do not e-mail me for anything related to the campaign; I usually get my
inbox filled with many messages (not including the daily 500+ spam messages I
get too) and examining them one by one takes a good amount of time. Therefore,
forum personal messaging is preferred.

-- Ignacio R. Morelle
